---
layout: post
title: Installing Client Libraries in Bold BI v4.2 | Bold BI Docs
description: Learn more about how to install optional libraries in Linux machine to connect with respective SQL database variants of Bold BI v4.2.
platform: bold-bi
documentation: ug
---

# Install Optional Libraries 

## Client libraries

> **IMPORTANT:** Bold BI Enterprise Edition utilizes client libraries such as Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Snowflake, and MongoDB to establish connections with their respective SQL database variants. To install the client libraries, you must read and accept the license agreement for each library.

1. Go to the client library location:
   ```cmd
   cd /var/www/bold-services/clientlibrary/
   ```

2. Under this location, you will find a consent document named `consent-to-deploy-client-libraries.txt`. Read the `LICENSE` details of the client libraries and proceed to the following steps to install them.
   ```cmd
   $sudo bash install-optional.libs.sh install-optional-libs npgsql,mongodb,influxdb,snowflake,mysql,oracle
   ```

  > **NOTE:** If you encounter any issues with the designer, please execute the following command: </br>
   ```cmd
   sudo chown -R <current user name> /var/www/bold-services/application/bi/dataservice
   ```

## PhantomJS

> **IMPORTANT:** PhantomJS is a scriptable headless WebKit with JavaScript. It is free software or open source and may contain licenses such as MIT, BSD, LGPL, GPL, or other similar licenses with third-party code. The executable file is necessary for image and PDF export functionalities in the dashboard and widgets. Without this file, the image and PDF export options will not be available.

1. Go to the client library location:
   ```cmd
   cd /var/www/bold-services/clientlibrary/
   ```

2. Create a directory named `bi/dataservice` inside the directory `/var/www/bold-services/application/app_data/` by executing the following command:
   ```cmd
   $sudo mkdir -p /var/www/bold-services/application/app_data/bi/dataservice
   ```

3. In this location, you will find the PhantomJS library consent document named `consent-to-deploy-phantomjs-webkit.txt`. Read the PhantomJS `LICENSE` details and install PhantomJS by executing the following command:
   ```cmd
   $sudo bash install-optional.libs.sh install-optional-libs phantomjs
   ```

> **NOTE:** PhantomJS may require certain dependencies. If your distribution does not have them, please install them from [PhantomJS Download](https://phantomjs.org/download.html).

## Next step

* [**Application Startup**](/application-startup/)